{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ALL WAYS POSTED \'97 COMPLETE BUSINESS REFERENCE\
Business: All Ways Posted\
Website: allwaysposted.com\
Email: partners@allwaysposted.com\
Owner: John Lawson \'b7 ColderICE Media\
Logo: Gold #C4982E \'b7 Navy #1E2B3C \'b7 White #FFFFFF\
Status: Pre-Launch \'b7 Domain Acquired\
===============================================================\
\
\
COMPANY DESCRIPTION\
--------------------\
If you know you should be posting on social media but never seem to\
find the time, All Ways Posted was built for exactly that problem.\
We're a done-for-you social media content posting service for small\
businesses. Every month we create 20 on-brand posts matched to your\
business \'97 your colors, your voice, your style \'97 and deliver five of\
them to you every Friday, ready to go.\
\
We're not a social media marketing agency. We don't run ads, chase\
followers, or make promises about growing your business. We do one\
thing: keep your feed consistent, professional, and active so you\
never have to think about it. Your brand stays visible while you focus\
on running the actual business.\
\
Month-to-month. No contracts. Starting at $497/month.\
Cancel anytime with one week's notice.\
\
\
THE CORE POSITIONING RULE\
--------------------------\
We sell SOCIAL POSTING \'97 not social marketing.\
\
SELL:     Consistent, on-brand content delivered every week.\
          Relief from the frustration of never posting.\
\
DON'T:    New customers \'b7 Follower growth \'b7 Engagement rates \'b7\
          ROI \'b7 Revenue outcomes \'b7 Marketing strategy\
\
Core line: "I'm not promising you new clients \'97\
            I'm promising you a consistent feed."\
\
Language Swaps:\
  NEVER: "Grow your business with social media"\
  SAY:   "Stay visible without doing the work"\
\
  NEVER: "Attract more clients from social"\
  SAY:   "Your feed stays active whether you post or not"\
\
  NEVER: "We'll help you get more customers"\
  SAY:   "We take the posting off your plate. That's it."\
\
  NEVER: "Boost your engagement and reach"\
  SAY:   "20 posts a month, on-brand, delivered Friday"\
\
\
IDEAL CUSTOMER PROFILE\
-----------------------\
The ideal All Ways Posted client is a local service business owner or\
licensed professional who is actively running their business. Think:\
the salon owner behind the chair 40 hours a week. The gym owner on\
the floor with clients every morning. The realtor juggling 6 active\
listings. The dentist between patients all day.\
\
They are typically solo operators or small teams of 2-10 people.\
In business at least 1-2 years. Real customer base. Functioning\
website. They have revenue, they have clients, and they have a\
business worth representing online.\
\
They already know social media matters. The problem is not awareness\
\'97 it's execution. They start posting, get busy, fall off, feel guilty,\
and the cycle repeats. They do not want a marketing lecture. They want\
the problem gone.\
\
IN ONE LINE: A busy, successful small business owner who knows they\
should be posting, hates that they aren't, and just wants someone to\
make the problem disappear for $497 a month.\
\
\
BRAND IDENTITY\
--------------\
Logo: Map pin icon with checkmark \'b7 "ALL WAYS POSTED" wordmark\
      "ALL WAYS" in Navy \'b7 "POSTED" in Gold \'b7 allwaysposted.com below\
\
Primary Colors:\
  Gold:  #C4982E  (logo icon + "POSTED" wordmark)\
  Navy:  #1E2B3C  (logo "ALL WAYS" wordmark)\
  White: #FFFFFF  (background)\
  Light Warm Gray: #F5F2EE (secondary background)\
\
Typography Direction:\
  Headlines: Bold condensed (Barlow Condensed style)\
  Body: Clean, readable sans-serif\
\
Photography Style:\
  Real business environments. Actual salons, gyms, offices.\
  No stock photo cheese. Candid and operational, not staged.\
\
Graphic Style:\
  Clean geometric layouts. Strong contrast. No gradients.\
  No drop shadows. No clutter.\
\
Image Style Guidelines:\
  For client content \'97 polished but approachable. Professional\
  enough for a dentist or realtor. Warm enough for a salon or gym.\
  For AWP marketing \'97 lean into Gold and Navy. Clean layouts,\
  bold type, minimal clutter.\
\
\
FULFILLMENT ENGINE\
------------------\
Tool: Google Pomelli \'97 labs.google.com/pomelli (free in beta)\
Available: US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand \'b7 English only\
New features: Pomelli Animate (video, Jan 2026) \'b7 Photoshoot (Feb 2026)\
\
Workflow per client:\
  1. Enter client website URL into Pomelli\
  2. Pomelli extracts Brand DNA: colors, fonts, tone of voice\
  3. Generate 5 posts + 1 ad creative per week\
  4. Use Pomelli Animate for 1 video post per week\
  5. QC all content before downloading\
  6. Deliver to client Google Drive subfolder every Friday\
\
\
PRICING\
--------\
DIRECT CLIENTS (Model A)\
  Monthly retainer:  $497/month\
  Entry offer:       2 weeks free content \'97 no strings\
  Contract:          Month-to-month \'b7 Cancel 7 days notice\
\
AGENCY WHOLESALE (Model B)\
  Base:     $300/client/mo \uc0\u8594  Agency resells $750\'96$1,000\
  Standard: $450/client/mo \uc0\u8594  Agency resells $1,000\'96$1,200\
  Full:     $600/client/mo \uc0\u8594  Agency resells $1,200\'96$1,500\
\
UPSELLS\
  Animated video add-on:       +$150/month\
  Quarterly brand refresh:     $150\'96$200/quarter\
  Reputation mgmt add-on:      +$100\'96$150/month\
  Monthly analytics report:    +$75\'96$100/month\
  Business DNA audit (1x):     $297\'96$497\
  90-day content jumpstart:    $500\'96$800\
  Product photoshoot pack:     +$100/month\
  System license (VA):         $2k\'96$5k\
\
AGENCY MATH (Standard \'b7 $450 cost \'b7 $1,000 resell)\
  5 clients  \uc0\u8594  $2,750 profit/mo \'b7 $33,000/year\
  10 clients \uc0\u8594  $5,500 profit/mo \'b7 $66,000/year\
  20 clients \uc0\u8594  $11,000 profit/mo \'b7 $132,000/year\
  50 clients \uc0\u8594  $27,500 profit/mo \'b7 $330,000/year\
\
\
3-EMAIL COLD OUTREACH SEQUENCE\
--------------------------------\
Email 1 (Day 1) \'97 Subject: made something for [Business Name]\
\
"Hi [First Name],\
\
I looked at [Business Name]'s social pages and built 2 weeks of\
content for you \'97 posts and visuals already matched to your brand.\
\
No strings. I just want you to see what it looks like when your\
feed is actually consistent.\
\
Want me to send it over?\
\
\'97 John | allwaysposted.com"\
\
---\
\
Email 2 (Day 3) \'97 Subject: re: made something for [Business Name]\
\
"Hi [First Name],\
\
Still have those 2 weeks of content ready for you.\
\
Quick context on what I actually do: I handle the posting.\
20 on-brand posts a month, delivered every Friday. You don't\
have to think about it, write it, or design it.\
\
I'm not promising you new clients \'97 I'm promising you a\
consistent feed. $497/month.\
\
Want the free content?\
\
\'97 John | allwaysposted.com"\
\
---\
\
Email 3 (Day 7) \'97 Subject: closing the loop\
\
"Hi [First Name],\
\
Last note \'97 if you ever get tired of your social feed sitting\
empty while you're busy running your business, I'm one reply away.\
\
The free content I built for you is still here whenever you want it.\
\
\'97 John | allwaysposted.com"\
\
\
KEY RESPONSE SCRIPTS\
---------------------\
Positive \uc0\u8594  Send content + invoice.\
  "I handle the posting. What you do with it is up to you."\
\
"Will this bring in customers?" \uc0\u8594 \
  "Honest answer \'97 that's not what I sell. I deliver consistent\
  posts. What converts depends on your offer and market."\
\
"$497 is too much" \uc0\u8594 \
  "It's about $25 a post. Your feed stays active every single\
  week without you touching it."\
\
Rejection \uc0\u8594 \
  "No worries. If posting ever becomes a problem, you know\
  where to find me."\
\
No response after 3 emails \uc0\u8594  Archive. No 4th email.\
  Revisit in 60-90 days only if new trigger appears.\
\
\
FULFILLMENT WORKFLOW\
---------------------\
Phase 1 \'97 Onboarding (Day 1) ~25 min\
  01. Payment confirmed \uc0\u8594  Send welcome (5 min)\
  02. Run Pomelli \uc0\u8594  Build Brand DNA (10 min)\
  03. Generate first batch + QC (10 min)\
\
Phase 2 \'97 Weekly Delivery (Every Friday) ~25 min/client\
  04. Generate 5 posts + 1 ad creative (15-20 min)\
  05. Deliver to shared Google Drive folder (5 min)\
  06. Log delivery in client tracker (2 min)\
\
Phase 3 \'97 Monthly Retention ~10 min\
  07. Send recap + soft upsell pitch + invoice\
\
TIME MATH:\
  10 clients = ~6 hrs/month = $4,970/month = $830/hour\
\
\
WEEKLY SCHEDULE (Batched)\
--------------------------\
Monday:    Prospect research \'b7 Build lead list \'b7 Pomelli samples \'b7 Email 1\
Tuesday:   Follow-ups \'b7 Reply to leads \'b7 Send invoices \'b7 Onboard clients\
Wednesday: Brand DNA builds \'b7 Pomelli setups \'b7 Admin/billing\
Thursday:  Generate ALL content \'b7 QC pass \'b7 Organize folders\
Friday:    DELIVER to ALL clients \'b7 Send recaps \'b7 Log tracker\
\
\
SCALING MILESTONES\
-------------------\
5 clients  \uc0\u8594  $2,485/mo \'b7 ~3 hrs/week\
             Action: Start agency outreach\
\
10 clients \uc0\u8594  $4,970/mo \'b7 ~6 hrs/week\
             Action: Hire delivery VA\
\
20 clients \uc0\u8594  $9,940/mo \'b7 VA model\
             Action: Focus 100% on agency wholesale\
\
50 clients \uc0\u8594  $24,850/mo \'b7 Agency model\
             Action: License the system\
\
\
AGENCY WHITE LABEL PROMISE\
----------------------------\
Your client will never know we exist. Everything delivered under\
the agency's brand name, domain, and identity. We never contact\
agency clients directly. The agency owns the relationship entirely.\
\
1. Agency sells at their price ($1,000+/month)\
2. We build it (Brand DNA + 20 posts + Friday delivery)\
3. Agency delivers under their brand (client never knows)\
\
\
COWORK FOLDER STRUCTURE\
------------------------\
/Clients           \uc0\u8594  One subfolder per client\
  /Content         \uc0\u8594  Weekly Pomelli batches\
  /Brand-DNA       \uc0\u8594  Brand profile screenshots\
  /Invoices        \uc0\u8594  Monthly PDFs\
  /Comms           \uc0\u8594  Key email threads\
\
/Agency-Partners   \uc0\u8594  One subfolder per agency\
/Outreach          \uc0\u8594  Prospect lists + email sequences\
/Templates         \uc0\u8594  Invoice, email, partner agreement\
/Assets            \uc0\u8594  Brand guide, one-pager, op doc\
/Admin             \uc0\u8594  Client tracker, revenue log, delivery log\
\
File Naming:\
  Content:    [ClientName]-Content-[MM-DD-YYYY]\
  Invoices:   INV-[ClientName]-[YYYY-MM]\
  Brand DNA:  [ClientName]-BrandDNA\
  Prospects:  Prospects-[Niche]-[MM-YYYY]\
\
\
SERVICE SCOPE DISCLAIMER (use on all client docs)\
---------------------------------------------------\
"All Ways Posted (allwaysposted.com) provides social media content\
creation and delivery only. This service does not include social media\
account management, paid advertising, community management, or marketing\
strategy of any kind. All Ways Posted makes no guarantees regarding\
follower growth, engagement rates, lead generation, website traffic,\
or revenue outcomes. Results from posted content depend entirely on\
factors outside the scope of this service. Either party may cancel\
this service with 7 days written notice."\
\
\
LAUNCH CHECKLIST\
-----------------\
[DONE] Domain acquired \'97 allwaysposted.com\
[DONE] 3-email cold outreach sequence built\
[DONE] Invoice template with legal disclaimer built\
[DONE] Agency partner one-pager built\
[DONE] Operating document (7-tab HTML) built\
[DONE] Cowork folder instructions written\
\
[NOW]  Set up partners@allwaysposted.com email\
[NOW]  Create Pomelli account + run one test client\
[NOW]  Set up payment link (Stripe/PayPal/CashApp)\
[NOW]  Create client tracker spreadsheet\
[NOW]  Create Google Drive folder structure\
[NOW]  Build Pomelli content for 10 prospects\
[NOW]  Send first cold email sequence\
\
[SOON] Draft 1-page agency partner agreement\
[SOON] Build agency intake form\
[SOON] Build agency prospect list\
[SOON] Build simple landing page at allwaysposted.com\
\
[LATER] Instagram @allwaysposted\
[LATER] LinkedIn company page\
[LATER] Facebook Business page\
\
\
FILES BUILT THIS SESSION\
--------------------------\
1. social-posting-outreach-system.html\
   Positioning Rules \'b7 Email Sequence \'b7 Response Scripts \'b7\
   Invoice with disclaimer \'b7 Pre-Send Checklist\
\
2. allwaysposted-agency-partner.html\
   Pain-first agency one-pager with white label promise,\
   tiers, scale table, quality objection handler, CTA\
\
3. allwaysposted-operating-doc.html\
   7-tab operating document: Overview \'b7 Scope \'b7 Fulfillment \'b7\
   Pricing \'b7 Launch Checklist \'b7 Weekly Ops \'b7 Legal & Scope\
\
4. INSTRUCTIONS.txt\
   Cowork folder instructions with folder structure,\
   file naming, task rules, pricing, brand rules, disclaimer\
\
\
===============================================================\
All Ways Posted \'b7 allwaysposted.com\
John Lawson \'b7 ColderICE Media\
People + AI = Power Moves\'ae\
===============================================================\
}